feat(oneaccount): proposal to clarify (#5760)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/dedibox-account/how-to/update-password.mdx

import image from './assets/scaleway-dedibox-console-update-password.webp'

<Message type="important">

>   This page applies only for users with no Dedibox and Scaleway unified account. If your Dedibox and Scaleway accounts are been unfied, you can [read more about password management at this page](account/how-to/change-password/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This page applies only to users who do not have a unified Dedibox and Scaleway account. If your Dedibox and Scaleway accounts have already been unified, you can [learn more about multifactor authentication on this page](account/how-to/use-2fa/).
```
